[MUSIC PLAYING]

HARVEY GREEN: For designing the app, we really had
to consider who was our user going to be, and what were the main features?
And through some discussions we had, we did
decide we'd like to focus on both first aid
course students and, of course, all of staff and volunteers at St. John,
and then pushing it out into the wider community after that initial launch.
So, yeah, so we focused initially on the first-responder feature.
And that was a way that we got all the initial sign-ups.
And in terms of design, yeah, we had all the screens mocked up by a UX designer.
And so everything was--
we reviewed it multiple times, and came up with the right sort of flow
for the user.
Wanted to make sure it was easy to log in, create an account within the app,
and everything as simple as possible.
I think it was using Adobe AIR.
It's like an on-screen--
it's just like a-- it looks like an app, but just the screen part of it,
with not much interactivity.
You can just go back and forward between the screens.
And you can see where things have been highlighted
to sort of emulate the buttons being clicked and that sort of thing.
So it's a really good mock-up of what it would actually look like.
And that was really invaluable.
Before you actually started working on the app,
you really wanted to do the mock-ups, and make
sure you've got the flow right, what features you want to highlight.
Yeah, we had-- for the app, we've got like a simple dashboard on the Home
screen.
And it's just really easy.
You click on the tile.
The tile can have an icon and a title, and that opens its own screen.
And then to return, you just go back.
There's often other screens off there.
But they are the main features you access.
And they've got the ability to, if needed, those tiles can be basically
swapped out to put different type of images on there,
like a promotion or something like that.
That's still in the database backend.
So, yeah, to customise the app.
MARCO MORALES: For us, certainly, in the early days and early versions
of the mobile application, we focused a lot
on really narrowly focusing the design use case that we were building for
and the target audience that we were focused on building for.
Over time, we've been able to sort of address more and more of the feedback
that people have had about the applications and the reviews.
So reviews have been a great source of input for us,
figuring out what exactly needs to be added to the application,
where are areas are we falling short?
What can we do better?
And so in a lot of ways, the reviews do help power and define
the direction of the applications.
NICHOLAS WITTISON: Week to week, we had direct input
from Mel, who's the CEO, and Cam, who's the CPO, so two
of Canva's founders, kind of into how the app fits inside the--
inside the market, so what kind of use cases we have,
and what kind of users want to use the app,
as well as kind of how it should look and feel,
so how the app should feel on the mobile platforms, but also how it's--
what kind of things that people expect when they come
to a graphics application like Canva.
So when we look at the iPad app, it was very similar to what the desktop web
platform looks like.
This kind of rectangle size was pretty similar.
And a lot of the kind of UI was similar as well.
But the thing we really had to design around
was touch, so looking at how people interacted
with that kind of drag-and-drop interface,
how they moved things around what we call the canvas in the middle,
and how they wanted to interact with those kind of elements.

On top of that, the icons and kind of design aspect of what people expect
on the native platforms is different to what people expect on web,
so making sure we could not only localise it like we do today
in different languages, but localise it to the platform as well,
and make sure that people could really and easily take to the app without
having to think too hard about how all the different pieces meshed together.
